README.md, before:

# Have some free Tumblr themes!

Feel free to use these as they come or modify them yourself.

## Coral Bubbles

![Screenshot of Citrus](http://github.com/moneypenny/tumblr-themes/raw/master/coral-bubbles/screenshot.png)

Dark theme built with [Twitter Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/) and [Font Awesome](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/) icons. Color scheme based on the [Coral Bubbles palette](http://www.colourlovers.com/palette/3199031/Coral_Bubbles?sAC=1). Sidebar on the right. Includes a
[tag cloud](http://post-theory.com/tumblr-tag-cloud-javascript) in the sidebar.
Has a search bar in the header. Lists your followed blogs in the sidebar.

## Citrus

![Screenshot of Citrus](http://github.com/moneypenny/tumblr-themes/raw/master/citrus/screenshot.png)

Light theme with bright accents. Customizable colors with the default colors
coming from the [Citrus palette](http://www.colourlovers.com/palette/3090033/Citrus?sAC=1). Sidebar on the right. Includes a
[tag cloud](http://post-theory.com/tumblr-tag-cloud-javascript) in the sidebar.
Has a search bar in the header. Lists your followed blogs in the sidebar.

## Graystrap

![Screenshot of Graystrap](http://github.com/moneypenny/tumblr-themes/raw/master/graystrap/screenshot.png)

Features a [tag cloud](http://post-theory.com/tumblr-tag-cloud-javascript) in the sidebar, you just set your Tumblr URL in the theme options. Customizable colors with the default colors coming from the [Muted Range](http://www.colourlovers.com/palette/2840370/Muted_Range?sAC=1) palette. Default background pattern is [Tweed](http://subtlepatterns.com/tweed/) from Subtle Patterns.

## New Leaves

![Screenshot of New Leaves](http://github.com/moneypenny/tumblr-themes/raw/master/new-leaves/screenshot.png)

Animal Crossing New Leaf-inspired Tumblr theme. Uses my [AC New Leaf palette](http://www.colourlovers.com/palette/2912551/AC_New_Leaf?sAC=1) and [New Leaf Squares](http://www.colourlovers.com/pattern/3707068/New_Leaf_Squares) pattern with pattern template by [arct1cm0nk3ys](http://www.colourlovers.com/lover/arct1cm0nk3ys).

Commit message:

Use Gulp to compile LESS, add new empty theme

README.md, after:

# Have some free Tumblr themes!

Feel free to use these as they come or modify them yourself.

## Themes

### Coral Bubbles

![Screenshot of Citrus](http://github.com/moneypenny/tumblr-themes/raw/master/coral-bubbles/screenshot.png)

Dark theme built with [Twitter Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/) and [Font Awesome](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/) icons. Color scheme based on the [Coral Bubbles palette](http://www.colourlovers.com/palette/3199031/Coral_Bubbles?sAC=1). Sidebar on the right. Includes a
[tag cloud](http://post-theory.com/tumblr-tag-cloud-javascript) in the sidebar.
Has a search bar in the header. Lists your followed blogs in the sidebar.

### Citrus

![Screenshot of Citrus](http://github.com/moneypenny/tumblr-themes/raw/master/citrus/screenshot.png)

Light theme with bright accents. Customizable colors with the default colors
coming from the [Citrus palette](http://www.colourlovers.com/palette/3090033/Citrus?sAC=1). Sidebar on the right. Includes a
[tag cloud](http://post-theory.com/tumblr-tag-cloud-javascript) in the sidebar.
Has a search bar in the header. Lists your followed blogs in the sidebar.

### Graystrap

![Screenshot of Graystrap](http://github.com/moneypenny/tumblr-themes/raw/master/graystrap/screenshot.png)

Features a [tag cloud](http://post-theory.com/tumblr-tag-cloud-javascript) in the sidebar, you just set your Tumblr URL in the theme options. Customizable colors with the default colors coming from the [Muted Range](http://www.colourlovers.com/palette/2840370/Muted_Range?sAC=1) palette. Default background pattern is [Tweed](http://subtlepatterns.com/tweed/) from Subtle Patterns.

### New Leaves

![Screenshot of New Leaves](http://github.com/moneypenny/tumblr-themes/raw/master/new-leaves/screenshot.png)

Animal Crossing New Leaf-inspired Tumblr theme. Uses my [AC New Leaf palette](http://www.colourlovers.com/palette/2912551/AC_New_Leaf?sAC=1) and [New Leaf Squares](http://www.colourlovers.com/pattern/3707068/New_Leaf_Squares) pattern with pattern template by [arct1cm0nk3ys](http://www.colourlovers.com/lover/arct1cm0nk3ys).

## How to Develop

1. `npm install -g gulp` to globally install Gulp.
1. `npm install` to install Gulp dependencies and other packages.
1. `gulp` to start Gulp which will watch for changes in LESS files and recompile them into CSS for each theme.
